feat: add electron-vue-next (#26)
vitejs/awesome-vite: README.md

- [vite-electron-quick](https://github.com/MangoTsing/vite-electron-quick) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript and Electron.
- [vite-ts-tailwind-starter](https://github.com/Uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Cypress.io e2e tests.
- [vue-vben-admin-2.0](https://github.com/anncwb/vue-vben-admin) - Starter template with Vue 3, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Ant Design Vue2.

> - [electron-vue-next](https://github.com/ci010/electron-vue-next) - Starter template using Vue 3 in vite and latest Electron with fluent vscode debug and github release process out-of-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [electron-vue-next](https://github.com/ci010/electron-vue-next) - Starter template using Vue 3 in Vite and latest Electron with fluent VS Code debug and GitHub release process out-of-box.
```
